hi today I'm going to do a beautiful
simple Bridal asian bridal look and so
if you'd like to know how to do this
look based on some lovely red lips and
the Goldie eyes then just keep on
watching that off this look I'm going to
be using this creamy gold from the 88
warm palette from Coastal Scents just
with a small angled brush step it off
and just place it into your inner tear
duct and corner and just work it up
there just bring it round slightly to
the lower teared up then with the same
angled brush on the other side you can
use the 78 Coastal Scents blush combo
palette and on this one is a sort of
bronzy rusty color just apply that to
the center just where the eyeball would
be and just bring it down and blend in
with the creamy girl then with a small
tapered brush apply max twinks I shadow
just apply that to the outer corner and
when you tout slightly and just swirl
the brush up into the crease small flat
brush apply the same color Mac twinks
just to your lower lash line about
two-thirds the way into the eye
then with a small type of brush again
apply this dark brown here from the
coastal fence hjg on palette just a tiny
bit on the tip of the brush and just
apply it to the outer V there you swirl
it around you just want to keep the
color into the core now you don't want
to move it around tumor then we'll just
a flat brush just apply that same brown
just to the lower lash line to create
more depth to the eye then with a small
corner flat brush apply max pigment in
gold you can see they're lovely sort of
rich gold color and just apply that to
the center of the eyeball and tap it on
gently press it into the corner with a
flat brush apply the same max gold
pigment underneath the lower lash line
just over that brown there for the
highlighter with small angle brush apply
the Coastal Scents is sort of creamy PG
brownie color from the Coastal Scents
sentience palette and just apply that
across the brow there bring it down
slightly just to add a bit more
definition to the eye with a small
fluffy chopard brush sorry apply the
coastal scents 88 warm palette is like a
car key goldie green just again tip the
end of the brush top of the exit and
just circle around into the outer V then
with a small fluffy brush just blend in
the colors
then with some card you line your
waterline then with a small angled brush
apply max blacktrack fluid line to the
lower lashline really close to the
lashes and pull down the color
then with a small pointed brush apply
max black track fluid line to the upper
lashes
then apply Mac sex mascara to your upper
and lower lashes and there you have it
the look is now completed so for the
rest of my face on my cheeks I used
provoke cosmetics blush cheek color
allure and I also used a combination of
the cheek color in hush as well just I
applied hush just below the cheekbone
and I applied the allure just above I
also use provoke cosmetics loose powder
it's sort of like a Goldie color it's
and guilt I applied that just to
highlight the tops of my cheekbones just
to give a visiting lovely bride early
glowy look for my lips I use provoke
cosmetics again it's the lovely red
lipstick called Marilyn it gives a
gorgeous gorgeous red color really great
for a bride and that's it i also applied
some false eyelashes so you can see
there just to add a lovely sort of
fluttering guy effect as every buyer I'd
would need ok so i hope you enjoyed the
look
you